[thunder rumbling]
[woman] You stay right there,
Mrs. Djuvara.
I'm just going to get something
for your cough.
[coughs] Thank you, Dr. Tepes.
[groans] It bubbles when I breathe.
Did I say that?
Yes, you did.
Don't move.
I'll be right back with some medicine.
More leaves, I expect.
Mr. Djuvara always gives me leaves.
Leaves and acorns.
Probably turning into a squirrel.
[sniffles]
I didn't know you were married.
My husband is travelling abroad.
He'll be home before winter's done.
I'll be right back.
Yes.
I hate that you're not here...
every day.
But I love that you gave me the knowledge
to help people.
[footsteps approaching]
[gasps] Is that leaves?
If I have to chew more cud,
I'm going to start making milk, Dr. Tepes.
No, no. It's a powder
mixed with some strawberry wine.
A powder?
You sound like the old, wise woman
we used to have.
The powder turned out to be
her dried foot skin.
My God.
I'm amazed any of you are still alive.
No, this powder is a medicine
that grows as mold.
You're giving me mold?
I think I want the leaves.
Trust me. Just take two sips three times
a day until the bottle's empty.
-That's all?
-Come and see me next week if you like.
-But your chest should be clear by Friday.
-Oh.
I don't know how we coped
before you came here, Doctor.
Magic powders. My Lord.
It's not magic.
It's nothing but things we used to know,
that we forgot or lost over the years.
No foot skin required.
[thunder rumbling]
Mrs. Lisa Tepes?
Yes?
You go on home now.
I am an emissary
of the Archbishop of Targoviste.
Do I understand correctly that you serve
as a physic to this community?
I'm a doctor, yes.
Uh, can I help you?
Is the Archbishop ill?
You know what to look for.
What?
What do you need? Tell me.
I'll gladly give it to you.
-Silence.
-I will not be silent.
Just let me help.
-With Satan's tools?
-[glass shattering]
Hmm? I don't think so.
Excuse me?
-Here, your Eminence.
-[glass shatters]
[scoffs] Satan's tools.
Make fire. Clean it out.
What?
We were told
that something was wrong here.
It seems she was telling the truth.
What are you doing here that you need
to subject the good people of this land
to such fearsome engines?
I don't understand.
Look around you.
Do you pretend that these things
are not witchcraft and alchemy?
[gasps]
It moves on its own.
What is this?
It's medicine.
How could engines of the Devil
be physic, woman?
It's old knowledge, that's all.
Sciences from older times,
lost to history.
I have-- I mean, I've studied times past
and learned ways to serve
our people more effectively, that's all.
[scoffs, clicks tongue] Paganism.
No. It's just science.
It has nothing to do with any god or--
Nothing to do with God?
No, that's not what I meant.
Take her to the cathedral at Targoviste.
There shall be an Inquisition.
After she's interned,
you may take some alms to she
who was the wise woman of this village.
Tell her that her good deed will, um...
carry her into heaven.
Destroy everything in this room.
Let no trace of her magic remain.
Please. Please, you don't know
what you're doing.
I know exactly what I'm doing.
I am saving Wallachia from witches.
No. Listen.
Please, you don't know what you're going
to bring upon yourself if you harm me.
You threatened me?
Listen! Just let me go.
I'll leave. You'll never see me again.
I can't promise your safety
if you harm me.
You dare menace me with Satan?
Get her out of here
before I strike her dead.
Not Satan.
If you anger him, he's worse.
Because he's real. Please!
He's come so far! Don't make him do it!
No, don't make him kill you all! Please!
[grunts]
-[bottles shattering]
-[grunts]
[grunts]
[hisses]
[man grunting]
-Stand up like a man. [grunts, laughs]
-[footsteps approaching]
My generals.
We prosecute a good war.
In killing my wife,
humanity has proven to me
that they don't deserve Wallachia.
Wallachia will now become our seat.
We will scour them off the land.
We will continue to use the night hordes.
All the creatures of terror
that humanity once drove away.
Afterwards,
I think I will give Wallachia to them.
Perhaps that will be better.
Hector, Isaac, present me with plans
for our next steps today.
The only two humans in your inner court,
and they are the ones
who will plan our next attack?
The only two generals in my court
who are not driven by thirst.
The only two who are bound
by loyalty and intellect.
True. They are not vampires
like you and I, Godbrand.
And that is why I trust them.
For we are about the business
of wiping humanity from the Earth.
And they still stand with me.
What the hell was that?
He summons us from all over the world,
tells us it's war.
We're finally putting the screws
to the livestock and taking over.
And now this?
Turning the whole thing over
to a couple of humans?
What is this shit?
-Hey! Where are you two going?
-We're going to talk to him.
Why would he want to talk to you
rather than me?
Perhaps he wants to meet
with his own kind.
Godbrand, you've never met anything
you didn't immediately kill, fuck,
or make a boat out of.
I don't understand why our lord
doesn't tie you up outside
with the rest of the animals.
Bigot!
I like boats. I'm a fucking Viking.
We're supposed to make boats
out of things.
[Hector] Master.
Hector, Isaac, you may approach.
We are honored by your faith in us.
But to serve you correctly,
we have to ask.
Why us?
Hmm.
Did you hear Godbrand down there?
"Livestock," he said.
So many of my kindred are the same.
They can no longer conceive of humans
as thinking beings.
Just livestock.
It's the privilege of our condition,
I suppose.
You can't hate livestock.
They are simply what they are.
Grazing animals to be slaughtered.
But you two are different.
You are human.
You are not looking at the scouring
of humanity from the earth
as an opportunity
to get the livestock under control
and to fill stables,
and abattoirs, and pantries.
You hate your species.
You hate humans.
You have a focus and clarity
that the others lack.
You understand that humans think,
and scheme, and betray.
You understand why they all must die.
Yes.
This is the work we were born for.
Thank you.
Yes.
Thank you for clarifying, Master.
We will try to direct the war accordingly.
I only hope your generals
will listen to us.
They will have no choice.
They obey me.
You are my chosen authors of the war.
And so they will obey you.
The matter is closed.
Of course.
[woman] I never wanted you, Hector.
You sicken me.
Do you understand?
The moment you came out of me,
I knew you were wrong.
[man] Alchemy is for money and power, boy.
Money and power and buying our safety
are all that matters.
Stop whining about cruelty.
This is the world.
This is the way things are.
Now get away from me.
[woman] Hector?
Hector, unlock this door at once!
Are you burning something out there?
[woman screaming]
I understand completely.
It's going to be all right.
We're going to kill them all for you.
They will suffer.
The suffering doesn't really matter to me
anymore, Isaac.
Only the death.
Only the death matters now.
[raven cawing]
[sobs]
-[sobs]
-[raven cawing]
[pots clinkling]
[horse neighing]
[Sypha] Hmm.
Your people are going to be fine,
you know.
I know. And I know they have to do it.
Other towns need their aid
and to have their stories saved.
I'm not worried about them.
You're worried about yourself, Sypha.
You've always been with your family.
You've never travelled alone.
Never. Isn't it silly?
They're heading
into who knows what danger,
and I'm standing here sad and angry
because they're together and I'm alone.
Hmm.
This is where you're supposed to tell me
that I'm not alone, Belmont.
You are really not very good at this.
I learned to travel alone early in life.
Maybe I just got too used to it.
-You had a family, though.
-Not much of one and not for long.
Okay, look. I know a little bit
about what you're feeling.
I'm sorry, but we have a thing to do now.
All I can do is try and make sure
it doesn't get you killed
so you can see your family again.
That's your encouraging talk?
Or you get killed
and they get eaten in the forest.
So none of you have to be sad.
How's that?
I was right about you the first time,
you know.
-You are rude.
-I've been called worse.
[Sypha] Oh, I'm just getting started.
Alucard, they called me.
The opposite of you.
Mother never liked that.
Did you know that?
She hated the idea
that I might define myself by you.
Even in opposition to you.
She loved us both.
Enough that she wanted us
to be our own people.
Living our own lives.
Making our own choices.
And so here I am.
Choosing to honor my mother
by killing my father.
No longer Adrian Tepes.
Choosing to be Alucard of Wallachia,
the name of my mother's people.
-I'm sorry, Mother.
-[footsteps approaching]
[Alucard] And so we begin again.
[Hector] Little Cezar. What are you doing?
[Cezar whimpers]
[Godbrand] It's not really doing much,
Hector.
-It's dead.
-[sighs]
You really don't understand
the act of forging, do you?
He's not dead.
We make life from death here.
And you make soldiers for Dracula.
Which is one reason why he invests
so much in you despite your,
uh, humanity.
What do you want, Godbrand?
I actually came to apologize
for my outburst in the War Hall.
Excellent apology.
Dracula brought us all here
to fight his war, Hector.
All the vampires under his reign.
The war. Not his war.
It's just somewhat galling
to have him look to the two humans
in the room first.
I should have held my tongue.
So I apologize.
-[metal clangs]
-Accepted.
But the other generals
and my subordinates have some questions.
Oh?
Hector, do you think this war
is going well?
-We're hardly losing.
-No, of course not.
But it seems chaotic, undirected.
As if we were lashing out at humanity
without any real plan
beyond wild destruction.
[blows] I think wild destruction
is what he wants.
There should be order, right?
Even in the removal of a species
from a place.
Wars have order.
Plans and maps and lines.
It could be done in less of a--
It could be done more carefully.
Oh.
There is more wanton bloodshed
than I would like.
I don't love the rest of humanity.
I don't wanna share
a world with them, but...
[sighs] ...the suffering.
-[footsteps approaching]
-[carriage squeaking]
-The last of the dead from Gresit?
-Yes.
The night hordes took as many of their
victims as they could for the forges.
This will do.
If there are any left, take them to Isaac.
Ah.
The Devil Forgemaster at work again.
Raising the dead.
Pity there's no more
mistreated dead pets...
-[Cezar whimpers]
-...to add to your collection.
If you'll excuse me, Godbrand,
I have work to do.
[dings]
[rumbles]
He's moving the castle again.
Yes. His wonders to perform.
[whirring]
[beeping]
[ground rumbling]
[wind howling]